then Moses and the children of Israel
then Moses and the children of Israel sang this song to the Lord I will sing
sang this song to the Lord I will sing
sang this song to the Lord I will sing to the Lord for he has triumphed
to the Lord for he has triumphed
to the Lord for he has triumphed gloriously the horse and it's rider he
gloriously the horse and it's rider he
gloriously the horse and it's rider he has thrown into the sea the Lord is my
has thrown into the sea the Lord is my
has thrown into the sea the Lord is my strength and song and he has become my
strength and song and he has become my
strength and song and he has become my salvation he is my god and I will praise
salvation he is my god and I will praise
salvation he is my god and I will praise Him
Him
Him my father is God and I will exalt him
my father is God and I will exalt him
my father is God and I will exalt him the Lord is a man of war the Lord is his
the Lord is a man of war the Lord is his
the Lord is a man of war the Lord is his name
name
Pharaoh's chariots and his army he is
Pharaoh's chariots and his army he is cast into the sea his chosen captains
cast into the sea his chosen captains
cast into the sea his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red Sea
also are drowned in the Red Sea
also are drowned in the Red Sea the depths have covered them they sank
the depths have covered them they sank
the depths have covered them they sank to the bottom like a stone
to the bottom like a stone
to the bottom like a stone your right hand Oh Lord has become
your right hand Oh Lord has become
your right hand Oh Lord has become glorious in power your right hand Oh
glorious in power your right hand Oh
glorious in power your right hand Oh Lord has dashed the enemy pieces and in
Lord has dashed the enemy pieces and in
Lord has dashed the enemy pieces and in the greatness of your excellence you
the greatness of your excellence you
the greatness of your excellence you have overthrown those who rose against
have overthrown those who rose against
have overthrown those who rose against you you send forth your wrath it
you you send forth your wrath it
you you send forth your wrath it consumed them like stubble with the
consumed them like stubble with the
consumed them like stubble with the blasts of your nostrils the waters were
blasts of your nostrils the waters were
blasts of your nostrils the waters were gathered together the flood stood
gathered together the flood stood
gathered together the flood stood upright like a heap the depths congealed
upright like a heap the depths congealed
upright like a heap the depths congealed in the heart of the sea
in the heart of the sea
in the heart of the sea the enemy said I will pursue I will
the enemy said I will pursue I will
the enemy said I will pursue I will overtake I will divide the spoil my
overtake I will divide the spoil my
overtake I will divide the spoil my desire shall be satisfied on them I will
desire shall be satisfied on them I will
desire shall be satisfied on them I will draw my sword my hands shall destroy
draw my sword my hands shall destroy
draw my sword my hands shall destroy them
them
them you blew with your wind the sea covered
you blew with your wind the sea covered
you blew with your wind the sea covered them they sank like lead in the mighty
them they sank like lead in the mighty
them they sank like lead in the mighty waters who is like you old Lord
waters who is like you old Lord
waters who is like you old Lord gods
gods
gods who is like you glorious in holiness
who is like you glorious in holiness
who is like you glorious in holiness fearful in praises doing wonders you
fearful in praises doing wonders you
fearful in praises doing wonders you stretched out your right hand the earth
stretched out your right hand the earth
stretched out your right hand the earth swallowed them you and your mercy have
swallowed them you and your mercy have
swallowed them you and your mercy have led forth the people whom you have
led forth the people whom you have
led forth the people whom you have redeemed you have guided them in your
redeemed you have guided them in your
redeemed you have guided them in your strength to your holy habitation the
strength to your holy habitation the
strength to your holy habitation the people will hear and be afraid sorrow
people will hear and be afraid sorrow
people will hear and be afraid sorrow will take hold of the inhabitants of
will take hold of the inhabitants of
will take hold of the inhabitants of Listia then the Chiefs of Edom will be
Listia then the Chiefs of Edom will be
Listia then the Chiefs of Edom will be dismayed the mighty men of Moab
dismayed the mighty men of Moab
dismayed the mighty men of Moab trembling will take hold of them all the
trembling will take hold of them all the
trembling will take hold of them all the inhabitants of Canaan will melt away
fear and dread will fall on them by the
fear and dread will fall on them by the greatness of your arm they will be as
greatness of your arm they will be as
greatness of your arm they will be as still as a stone till your people pass
still as a stone till your people pass
still as a stone till your people pass over Oh Lord till the people pass over
over Oh Lord till the people pass over
over Oh Lord till the people pass over when you have purchased
you will bring them in and plant them in
you will bring them in and plant them in the mountain of your inheritance in the
the mountain of your inheritance in the
the mountain of your inheritance in the place Oh Lord which you have made for
place Oh Lord which you have made for
place Oh Lord which you have made for your own dwelling the sanctuary Oh Lord
your own dwelling the sanctuary Oh Lord
your own dwelling the sanctuary Oh Lord which your hands have established the
which your hands have established the
which your hands have established the Lord shall reign
Lord shall reign
Lord shall reign forever
forever
forever ever
ever
ever the forces of Pharaoh went with his
the forces of Pharaoh went with his
the forces of Pharaoh went with his chariots and his horsemen into the sea
chariots and his horsemen into the sea
chariots and his horsemen into the sea and the Lord brought back the waters of
and the Lord brought back the waters of
and the Lord brought back the waters of the sea upon them but the children of
the sea upon them but the children of
the sea upon them but the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of
Israel went on dry land in the midst of
Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea then Miriam the prophetess the
the sea then Miriam the prophetess the
the sea then Miriam the prophetess the sister of Aaron took the timbrel in her
sister of Aaron took the timbrel in her
sister of Aaron took the timbrel in her hand and all the women went out after
hand and all the women went out after
hand and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances sing
her with timbrels and with dances sing
her with timbrels and with dances sing to the Lord for he has tried morosely
to the Lord for he has tried morosely
to the Lord for he has tried morosely the horse and it's rider he has thrown
the horse and it's rider he has thrown
the horse and it's rider he has thrown into the sea so Moses brought Israel
into the sea so Moses brought Israel
into the sea so Moses brought Israel from the Red Sea then they went out into
from the Red Sea then they went out into
from the Red Sea then they went out into the wilderness of Shur and they went
the wilderness of Shur and they went
the wilderness of Shur and they went three days in the wilderness and found
three days in the wilderness and found
three days in the wilderness and found no water now when they came to Mara they
no water now when they came to Mara they
no water now when they came to Mara they could not drink the waters of Marah for
could not drink the waters of Marah for
could not drink the waters of Marah for they were bitter therefore the name of
they were bitter therefore the name of
they were bitter therefore the name of it was called Marah and the people
it was called Marah and the people
it was called Marah and the people complained against Moses what shall we
complained against Moses what shall we
complained against Moses what shall we drink
drink
drink so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord
so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord
so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord showed him a tree when he cast it into
showed him a tree when he cast it into
showed him a tree when he cast it into the waters the waters were made
where he made a statute and an ordinance
where he made a statute and an ordinance for them and there he tested them if you
for them and there he tested them if you
for them and there he tested them if you diligently heed the voice of the Lord
diligently heed the voice of the Lord
diligently heed the voice of the Lord your God and do what is right in his
your God and do what is right in his
your God and do what is right in his sight give ear to His commandments and
sight give ear to His commandments and
sight give ear to His commandments and keep all his statutes I will put none of
keep all his statutes I will put none of
keep all his statutes I will put none of the diseases on you which I have brought
the diseases on you which I have brought
the diseases on you which I have brought on the Egyptians for I am the Lord who
on the Egyptians for I am the Lord who
on the Egyptians for I am the Lord who heals you then they came to Elam where
heals you then they came to Elam where
heals you then they came to Elam where there were twelve wells of water and
there were twelve wells of water and
there were twelve wells of water and seventy palm trees so they camped there
seventy palm trees so they camped there
seventy palm trees so they camped there by the waters